Oops wife
I'm back!
You are finally back.
How was the inspection?
Wow, that company?
It's a purse company
The projects he runs are all deceptive
You will encounter this kind of thing again in the future
You have to discuss it with me.
Is that so?
Luckily I ended up selling the fund ouch
Haha, so smart!
Just don't pay.
By the way, after we leave this house
I have never had a suitable house to live in
Let's choose a set tomorrow. Okay.
Listen to your wife's humming
The owner relies on you alone this time
Destroyed Shen Tian's den
It's amazing
Don't brag, this is just the beginning
It's a pity that Shen Tian still ran away
Don't worry, owner.
We have people all over the world.
He must have run to Tiannan Cape
We will find him too
Are you going down so early?
Like looking for a needle in a haystack
What a waste of time
I'm worried.
Shen Tian, he will also use the guise of the Shen family
Keep doing bad things
Owner, if you reappear
It will definitely attract all nations to come to Korea
Presumably by then
Shen Tian will definitely come to surrender to you
That's a good idea.
Piaoxu is preparing for the return banquet of the Dragon Palace in three days
I want to invite Shen Tian to meet
I want to get rid of Shen Tian at the return banquet
Let everyone in the world know Shen Tian
His true face is